so I was sitting down here to take a
moment to go through my personal
messages I get personal messages through
through Facebook and as well as YouTube
I long since quit reading all of the
comments from videos because they're too
many after we the channel was featured
on the December's partner on the rise a
contest for lack of a better word the
comments that come in have been
overwhelming and have just continued to
increase progressively so I do try to
get through them I have been spending
two to three hours a day trying to catch
up on the personal messages just through
Facebook alone and I'm just not working
on the YouTube the YouTube private
messages so if you have written me and I
haven't responded to you I apologize for
that and I'm working through the
catalogue I came across one today that I
want to share with you because it really
hits the nail on the head on the point
that I've tried to get across to young
people and I hope you don't mind if I
take a moment and share it with you I
know there's nothing worse than someone
reading something online but I wouldn't
do it if I didn't think it was worth
doing a video on so I do want to share
with you it's not that long but I want
to read this and then comment on it a
bit this is from I'm going to call him
II because I do not have his permission
he's a 14 year old boy from Connecticut
and he just shared this letter with me
and and I want to share with you it says
dear Cody I live in kind of a small town
in Connecticut u.s. USA and lately it
has been snowing like crazy here there
is an average of about one and a half
feet of snow on the ground with a
quarter of ice on top of that so you can
imagine to the trouble that comes with
shoveling all that so me being 14 years
old I can help a lot with that so today
I was coming home from school and then I
saw a guy who lives in my apartment
building he offered to pay me ten
dollars to clean off his car so I took
the offer I went out there to clean up
the car and so I did what everyone else
would do I cleaned off the snow but then
I did something that I don't think
anyone else I know would have done after
I got the snow off the roof I got the
snow out of the key holes I cleaned his
windshield wipers and then I thought
well there's snow under his car but he
won't see it but I still got every
Lake out from under his car while I was
doing that I noticed that there was ice
around his car so I went and got some
salt and sprinkled it around his car and
then went back inside and he was there
with an extra $10 he had been watching
me the whole time and was super
impressed on how much work I put into
this I shared this story to you because
when I started watching your amazing
channel I really thought since I live in
this kind of big town not really a real
like you that I can't take my axe and do
some logging which I would love to do
but I can't but you can still do some
good things and do your work above and
beyond even if you don't live in a rural
area even if I don't live in a rural
area like you well done
e that was a fantastic letter and that
I'm so impressed I am so proud of you
for doing that you know it's always a
constant temptation I think for all of
us to take the low road to take the
shortcut
I myself was aware of this just the
other day when I was at Costco and the
cart return was quite a ways away hmm
and I was I was trying to justify a
reason not to take the cart back just
leave it where it was to dump that
responsibility on someone else but God
speaks to us through his holy spirit
some people called it conscious but
that's the time when God speaks to us is
in those situations why should we when
it's in our ability to help someone out
a little bit put extra burden or work on
people just think of everyone left their
card out but the carts not the point the
point is is that he didn't have to do it
but he did did this excellent job
cleaning this man's car look at the
impression that you made ad on this look
at the what does that say about your
character what does that say about you
do you think this guy will ever forget
the way you cleaned his car will he ever
find another person to do such a
thorough job it's just I have so
grateful that you shared that with me if
you're a young man or a young woman that
watches this channel take note of what
this example of what IDI did how can you
apply that how can you apply that at
your home and like he said it's about
doing what you can where you're at just
because you don't live in the country or
in a forest environment
doesn't mean that you can't make a
difference always have that eye open for
someone in need
turn your head pick your head up from
off the ground and in front of your
iPhone or your iPad and look around you
as you walk around there's always
someone that could be a need whether it
be holding a door or helping someone
with their groceries or a neighbor that
needs its elderly that needs their lawn
cut these things these opportunities are
everywhere and what what what defeat the
feeling of accomplishment and joy that
comes from giving your of yourself to
someone else is there's nothing like it
there is no high that you're not going
to get it from a video Gator from a
movie or from texting television there
just isn't anything like it so my hats
off to you Ed for this thank you for
sharing a letter and I again I am so
proud of you and thank you for sharing
it just a perfect example of what can be
done with where you're at